Core text vars (#1552)
pluralsight/design-system: docs/src/content/core/typography.mdx

@import '@pluralsight/ps-design-system-normalize';
```

### CDN reference

The normalize stylesheet should be used in most cases. But if you need a direct reference to the font file, it is located at:

```
https://fonts.pluralsight.com/ps-tt-commons/v1/ps-tt-commons-variable-roman.woff2
```

### Domain-restricted access

The CDN reference used by the Normalize stylesheet is domain-restricted. In other words, only requests coming from enumerated domains will succeed. If you have a new domain that you require new font access on, please contact #platform-ui in Slack.

## Type variables

### Font weight

> It is recommended to use `psTypeFontWeightDefault` (400) & `psTypeFontWeightStrong` (600). Additionally there are 9 total weights available. Never use a font weight less than 400 on font sizes 18px and lower.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to use `psTypeFontWeightDefault` (400) & `psTypeFontWeightStrong` (600) for most text. Additionally there are 9 total weights available. Never use a font weight less than 400 on font sizes 18px or lower.
```

<FontWeight />

> Applying font weight using CSS vars:

Reviewer: I like the terseness, but this isn't an English sentence. Seems like a departure from how we usually use complete sentences. 

What was your reason to change?

Author: Adjusted the wording preceding the example to:

Example of using CSS vars to adjust `{property}`:

@import '@pluralsight/ps-design-system-normalize';
```

### CDN reference

The normalize stylesheet should be used in most cases. But if you need a direct reference to the font file, it is located at:

```
https://fonts.pluralsight.com/ps-tt-commons/v1/ps-tt-commons-variable-roman.woff2
```

### Domain-restricted access

The CDN reference used by the Normalize stylesheet is domain-restricted. In other words, only requests coming from enumerated domains will succeed. If you have a new domain that you require new font access on, please contact #platform-ui in Slack.

## Type variables

### Font weight

It is recommended to use `psTypeFontWeightDefault` (400) & `psTypeFontWeightStrong` (600) for most text. Additionally there are 9 total weights available. Never use a font weight less than 400 on font sizes 18px or lower.

<FontWeight />

Example of using CSS vars to adjust `font-weight`:

```css
@import "@pluralsight/ps-design-system-core";

> .mySelector { font-weight: var(--psTypeFontWeightStrong); }`}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.mySelector { font-weight: var(--psTypeFontWeightStrong); }
```
